Updates
Last week, we introduced character movement. If you added any code for character movement, it's time to remove it.
 We're about to add a user interface to control your character manually. Optionally, you can leave the auto-drive code in place and 
 add a command to toggle it on and off at runtime.

Language and Library
We're still working in C. Make sure to link in the ncurses library, as we will use it for unbuffered I/O.

Map Exits
Neither the player character (PC) nor the non-player characters (NPCs) can use the map exits at this point. 
The PC should not stand on the exit, as it will impact your pathfinding implementation from 1.03.

User Input
All commands are to be activated immediately upon keypress (unbuffered input). No need to hit "Enter." Any command not explicitly defined is a no-op.

Here are the implemented commands:

7 or y: Move PC one cell to the upper left.
8 or k: Move PC one cell up.
9 or u: Move PC one cell to the upper right.
6 or l: Move PC one cell to the right.
3 or n: Move PC one cell to the lower right.
2 or j: Move PC one cell down.
1 or b: Move PC one cell to the lower left.
4 or h: Move PC one cell to the left.
>: Attempt to enter a Pokemart or Pokemon Center (only works when standing on a building). Leads to a placeholder user interface for the building, which you exit with <.
5 or space or .: Rest for a turn (NPCs still move).
t: Display a list of trainers on the map, with their symbol and position relative to the PC (e.g., "r, 2 north and 14 west").
up arrow: When displaying the trainer list, scroll up if the list doesn't fit on the screen and you're not at the top.
down arrow: When displaying the trainer list, scroll down if the list doesn't fit on the screen and you're not at the bottom.
escape: When displaying the trainer list, return to character control.
Q: Quit the game.
Pokemon Battles
If the PC attempts to move to a map cell with an NPC, or if an NPC attempts to move to the PC's map cell, and 
the PC has not already defeated this trainer in a battle, a Pokemon Battle interface is triggered. For now, it's a placeholder, 
with the only command being escape to leave the battle, marking the NPC as defeated. Defeated trainers will no longer path to the PC.

Special Powers
If your PC had special powers (e.g., moving through mountains or forests), they should no longer apply. Your PC is now a normal human.

Game Loop and Display
With these changes, we no longer need the delay we added last week, as the game now automatically pauses for input. ncurses should handle redrawing, 
so there's no need to spew the entire map to the terminal each turn.

Our maps fill 21 out of 24 lines in a terminal. Display them on lines 1–21 (zero indexed). 
The top line is for message display, which can be used for debugging information or messages like 
"There's a tree in the way!" or "A wild Riakou appears!". The bottom 2 lines are for status information, which will be addressed in a later assignment.

To run the game:

Run make to build the game.
Run ./pokemon to start the application, generating the map and allowing you to move on it.